all done perfectly 
now all works good, but we should made changes in correct format !

assign several user id 
assign sever agent id's

if user raise tickets, that should all send to all agent id's

eg: if user face issue in WhatsApp, he/she want to raise ticket. based on the description , that ticket should automatically sent to that team

    the ticket should send to WhatsApp team (eg:sent to all 5 members).
    
    if user face issue in login issue, based on the description , that automatically sent to "login" working team
     
    the ticket should send to login working team(eg: sent to all 4 members)


then the admin or TL as first assigned worker, if he is busy , he assigned to someone .then they handle or he can also assign to someone.
so in that team, whoever resolves that issue, they can change status also anyone in the team change that status!

and also any one can create tickets its either user or agent !
 * And should add AI using gemini API key , to summarize that token clearly and that error messages and it will may help.
 * should show correct dashboards for agent , then tickets are assigned to who and all should works correctly.
 * Then, when the status changed as resolved or closed, the user should notify via email , their tickets are resolved or closed
 * then for user or agent , i dont know what UI will be correct. design should by our own, but the process and information added details which should important , similar to service or Zendesk or jira.
 * if agent also create ticket , they should also notify correctly and they should also see their progress or dashboard in based on their raised ticket in seprate place.

then also tell which is important , which should add correctly if something i skipped . 

Main Category Dropdown: User selects IT Support.Sub-Category Dropdown (Dynamic): Once IT Support is chosen, Javascript dynamically updates the second dropdown to show Login Issue, WiFi Problem, or Software Install.


customer is hps3state@gmail.com
TL is harinisabai@gmail.com
employee harinisabai2006@gmail.com